[NUI][TCSACR-446] NUI Vector Graphics (#1569)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/user-interface/nui/vectorgraphics/TransformationAndComposition.md

rect.AddRect(100.0f, 100.0f, 150.0f, 150.0f, 30.0f, 30.0f);
rect.FillColor = Color.Red;
rect.Opacity = 0.5f;

//generate a picture
Picture picture = new Picture();
picture.Load( <IMAGE_FILE_PATH> );
picture.SetSize(new Size2D(250, 250));

//alpha masking picture to rect
picture.Mask(rect, MaskType.Alpha);

//add the rect into the canvas view
canvasView.AddDrawable(picture);

//generate two round rectangles
Shape rect2 = new Shape();
rect2.AddRect(40.0f, 350.0f, 150.0f, 150.0f, 30.0f, 30.0f);
rect2.AddRect(100.0f, 400.0f, 150.0f, 150.0f, 30.0f, 30.0f);
rect2.FillColor = Color.Red;
rect2.Opacity = 0.5f;

//generate a picture
Picture picture2 = new Picture();
picture2.Load( <IMAGE_FILE_PATH> );
picture2.Translate(0.0f ,300.0f);
picture2.SetSize(new Size2D(250, 250));

//inverse alpha masking picture to rect
picture2.Mask(rect2, MaskType.AlphaInverse);

//add the rect into the canvas view
canvasView.AddDrawable(picture2);
```
![TransformationAndComposition_masking](./media/vectorgraphics_masking.png)

> [!NOTE]
> A composition may perform an additional render-processing on an off-screen buffer. The excessive usage of a composition may negatively affect processing speed.

> ## Related Information

Author: changed

# Transfomation & Composition

## Transfomation

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> All Drawable objects can do 2D transformation using `Translate()`, `Scale()` and `Rotate()` APIs. <br>

Reviewer: HTML element not necessary.
```suggestion
All Drawable objects can do 2D transformation using `Translate()`, `Scale()` and `Rotate()` APIs. 

```

Below is an example of alpha blending in various cases.

```cs
//generate a drawable group
DrawableGroup drawableGroup = new DrawableGroup();

//generate a round rectangle
Shape rect = new Shape();
rect.AddRect(50.0f, 50.0f, 200.0f, 200.0f, 20.0f, 20.0f);
rect.FillColor = Color.Red;

//Add the rectangle into the drawable group
drawableGroup.AddDrawable(rect);

//generate a circle
Shape circle = new Shape();
circle.AddCircle(200.0f, 200.0f, 100.0f, 100.0f);
circle.FillColor = Color.Green;

//add the circle into the drawable group
drawableGroup.AddDrawable(circle);

//set opacity value
drawableGroup.Opacity = 0.5f;

//generate an ellipse
Shape ellipse = new Shape();

ellipse.AddCircle(180.0f, 100.0f, 120.0f, 60.0f);

//set ellipse translucent color
ellipse.FillColor = new Color(0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f, 0.5f);

//add the eliipse into the canvas view
canvasView.AddDrawable(ellipse);

//add the drawable group into the canvas view
canvasView.AddDrawable(drawableGroup);

```

![TransformationAndComposition_alphablending](./media/vectorgraphics_alphablending.png)

### Clipping

> Clipping is a composition based on path information.<br>

Reviewer: HTML element not necessary.
```suggestion
Clipping is a composition based on path information.

```

> The intersection with clip `Drawable` is determined and only the resulting pixels from own `Drawable` are rendered.<br>

Reviewer: HTML element not necessary.
```suggestion
The intersection with clip `Drawable` is determined and only the resulting pixels from own `Drawable` are rendered.
```

Below is an example of clipping.

```cs
//generate two round rectangles
Shape rect = new Shape();
rect.AddRect(50.0f, 50.0f, 150.0f, 150.0f, 30.0f, 30.0f);
rect.AddRect(100.0f, 100.0f, 150.0f, 150.0f, 30.0f, 30.0f);
rect.FillColor = Color.Red;

//generate a picture
Picture picture = new Picture();
picture.Load( IMAGE_PATH );
picture.SetSize(new Size2D(400, 400));

//clipping picture to rect
picture.ClipPath(rect);

//add the rect into the canvas view
canvasView.AddDrawable(picture);
```
![TransformationAndComposition_clipping](./media/vectorgraphics_clipping.png)

### Masking

> As for the `MaskType`, `Alpha` Masking and `InverseAlpha` Masking are provided.<br>

Reviewer: HTML element not necessary.
```suggestion
As for the `MaskType`, `Alpha` Masking and `InverseAlpha` Masking are provided.

```

//generate a circle
Shape circle = new Shape();
circle.AddCircle(200.0f, 200.0f, 100.0f, 100.0f);
circle.FillColor = Color.Green;

//add the circle into the drawable group
drawableGroup.AddDrawable(circle);

//set opacity value
drawableGroup.Opacity = 0.5f;

//generate an ellipse
Shape ellipse = new Shape();

ellipse.AddCircle(180.0f, 100.0f, 120.0f, 60.0f);

//set ellipse translucent color
ellipse.FillColor = new Color(0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f, 0.5f);

//add the eliipse into the canvas view
canvasView.AddDrawable(ellipse);

//add the drawable group into the canvas view
canvasView.AddDrawable(drawableGroup);

```

![TransformationAndComposition_alphablending](./media/vectorgraphics_alphablending.png)

### Clipping
Clipping is a composition based on path information.<br>
The intersection with clip `Drawable` is determined and only the resulting pixels from own `Drawable` are rendered.<br>

Below is an example of clipping.

```cs
//generate two round rectangles
Shape rect = new Shape();
rect.AddRect(50.0f, 50.0f, 150.0f, 150.0f, 30.0f, 30.0f);
rect.AddRect(100.0f, 100.0f, 150.0f, 150.0f, 30.0f, 30.0f);
rect.FillColor = Color.Red;

//generate a picture
Picture picture = new Picture();

> picture.Load( IMAGE_PATH );

Author: It's modified

picture.SetSize(new Size2D(400, 400));

//clipping picture to rect
picture.ClipPath(rect);

//add the rect into the canvas view
canvasView.AddDrawable(picture);
```
![TransformationAndComposition_clipping](./media/vectorgraphics_clipping.png)

> ### Masking

Reviewer: The file has 2 headings for "Masking".
```suggestion

```

### Masking
As for the `MaskType`, `Alpha` Masking and `InverseAlpha` Masking are provided.<br>

> The pixels of the own drawable and the complement to the mask drawable's pixels are alpha or inverse alpha blended.<br>

Reviewer: The sentence is difficult to understand.
```suggestion
The pixels of the own drawable and the complement to the mask drawable's pixels are alpha or inverse alpha blended.<br>
```

| MaskType       | Description                                                                            |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `Alpha`        | Only the part of the own drawable, which intersects with the mask drawable is visible. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Alpha`        | Only the part of the own drawable, which intersects with the mask drawable, is visible. |
```

> | `InverseAlpha` | Only the part of the own which is not covered by the mask is visible.                  |

Reviewer: The sentence is difficult to understand, "Only the part of the own..." what, drawable?
```suggestion
| `InverseAlpha` | Only the part of the own which is not covered by the mask is visible.                  |
```

Below is an example of masking.

```cs
//generate two round rectangles
Shape rect = new Shape();
rect.AddRect(50.0f, 50.0f, 150.0f, 150.0f, 30.0f, 30.0f);
rect.AddRect(100.0f, 100.0f, 150.0f, 150.0f, 30.0f, 30.0f);
rect.FillColor = Color.Red;
rect.Opacity = 0.5f;

//generate a picture
Picture picture = new Picture();
picture.Load( IMAGE_PATH );
picture.SetSize(new Size2D(250, 250));

//alpha masking picture to rect
picture.Mask(rect, MaskType.Alpha);

//add the rect into the canvas view
canvasView.AddDrawable(picture);

//generate two round rectangles
Shape rect2 = new Shape();
rect2.AddRect(40.0f, 350.0f, 150.0f, 150.0f, 30.0f, 30.0f);
rect2.AddRect(100.0f, 400.0f, 150.0f, 150.0f, 30.0f, 30.0f);
rect2.FillColor = Color.Red;
rect2.Opacity = 0.5f;

//generate a picture
Picture picture2 = new Picture();
picture2.Load( IMAGE_PATH );
picture2.Translate(0.0f ,300.0f);
picture2.SetSize(new Size2D(250, 250));

//inverse alpha masking picture to rect
picture2.Mask(rect2, MaskType.AlphaInverse);

//add the rect into the canvas view
canvasView.AddDrawable(picture2);
```
![TransformationAndComposition_masking](./media/vectorgraphics_masking.png)

> [!NOTE]

> > You should be aware though, that a composition may perform an additional render-processing on an off-screen buffer.<br>The excessive usage of a composition won't be helpful processing speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A composition may perform an additional render-processing on an off-screen buffer.<br>The excessive usage of a composition may negatively affect processing speed.
```
